[Music]
cancer banjo is a truly unique
beat-em-up that absolutely oozes charm
and style you assume the role of a high
school student who decides to ditch
learning and instead become the biggest
badass in town but he's not the only one
with this idea with several other
students from rival schools
also being out for the title the game
affords the player a range of powerful
moves
such as punches kicks and throws to
manage the folks that roam the streets
as you progress through the adventure
you are rewarded with experience points
and currency which can be used to unlock
extra moves and a huge amount of
cosmetic changes and items that will all
help you along the way
the overall environment is surprisingly
large with over 45 different factions in
which to locate
it is sure to last you quite some time
ken kobancho is a solid experience that
every psp owner should give a go it now
sells for about 80 dollars but in my
eyes is well worth it especially for
those who are looking for something
unique to play
hammering heroes sees players assuming
the role of genn
a young carpenter who is intent on
stopping some rather troublesome locals
from creating havoc in his town now the
game is presented in levels which are
all bite-sized in their execution making
hammering hero the perfect handheld
experience
it's essentially a side-scrolling
platformer with glenn being armed with a
hammer which soon becomes the standard
way in which to take on enemies as well
as several powers which are all tied to
different jobs they can all be selected
at the start of each level and the more
that you progress
the more jobs become available which
will see again taken on several
different roles
such as a baseball player a dj and even
a chef all of them come with new moves
and abilities which manage to keep the
gameplay feeling fresh throughout the
adventure
visually hammering hero is stunning the
lush and detailed backdrops all depict
various areas of the vibrant town with
each npc and enemy you encounter
also receiving the same level of love
and care if hammer and hero pass dubai
it now goes for about 85 dollars which
might be a bit pricey for some but if
you're not willing to spend that amount
it's well worth emulating it instead
trails in the sky introduces players to
the kingdom of the bill the seizure
taken on the role of estelle and joshua
who are both children of one of the most
respected braces in the kingdom
because of this they wish to carry on in
their father's footsteps and this is
where the adventure picks up
it's nothing groundbreaking but it
manages to surf the gameplay well
and this is where trails in the sky
truly excels the game is broken up into
two sections
with those being the field and towns on
the field the player will encounter
enemies and progress the effectiveness
of their party
whilst towns allow you to visit various
shops and inns where equipment can be
bought
and a wide range of quests can be taken
on during battle the action is presented
on a grid with each character possessing
their own unique abilities and setups
positioning also plays a huge role in
battle and can help deal out extra
amounts of damage when taken into
consideration if you're looking for a
solid portable rpg
trails in the sky has got it all it now
goes for about 90 dollars if you're
looking to pick it up but if you don't
want to drop that amount of cash there's
always the option of emulation
[Music]
hexi's force is an rpg that is largely
split into two
both the characters of cecilia and
levant each have their own journey to
follow and despite the overall
predictability of the main story the
game still manages to have some
interesting twists and great writing
like most rpgs the gameplay and the
several systems that comprise it are
vital to its success
one of the best aspects is that there
are no random encounters is all of the
enemies are visible on the map
that allows you to easily afford to get
into battle if you so wish the battle
system is traditional turn-based combat
but interestingly the attack command is
missing and each attack comes from one
of the weapons your character has
equipped they are divided into two
separate categories that both offer
different abilities to utilize in battle
by upgrading each of the weapons you
come to possess more powerful skills and
attacks can be unlocked it's a really
cool system that allows the player to
experiment with a range of
options that helps the overall battle
system become the star of the show
priced at about 95 dollars hexy's force
is becoming
more and more obscure and harder to find
so if you're on the lookout for a
physical copy
rather than emulating now is the perfect
time to snap it up
is the oath of felgana once again sees
the character of adol taken
center stage as he and his companions
set out to rid the land of strange
monsters but
soon stumble into a tale that engulfs
the fate of the entire kingdom it all
sounds a bit cliche at first but it
soon picks up and offers a great
narrative for the player to enjoy
gameplay wise is where the olfa falgano
really shines
it's a fun mixture of streamlined rpg
elements hack and slash and platforming
that all blend into one amazing package
all of the combat takes place in real
time and allows the player to utilize up
to three magic spells as well as several
weapon based attacks
naturally over the course of the
adventure you'll be levelling up and
unlocking new abilities and equipment
that further your chances against the
onslaught of enemies you encounter
visually it's all rather simple with
characters being presented as 2d sprites
superimposed over 3d backgrounds but it
actually works out quite well and brings
the adventure to life in a truly
mesmerizing way if you're at all a fan
of the long-running franchise the offer
falgana is an absolute must it goes for
about 115 dollars these days but luckily
the option to emulate is always on the
table for those not willing to spend
that amount of money on the game
the legend of heroes song of the ocean
is a traditional turn-based rpg that
shares much in common with the likes of
the lunar series the adventure starts
you off playing as our protagonist's
fort
his friend una and an older figure named
mcbain they all travel the world as a
musical group known as the mcbain
company
with their goal being to locate several
stones that once combined have the power
to form
a legendary tune it may sound a bit naf
at first but believe me
song of the ocean soon spins one of the
most unforgettable tales you'll ever
experience
it features the same top-notch graphical
quality as its predecessors
and a simply fantastic soundtrack that
blows the other two out for water
it does offer much of the same but this
time also introduces
a significant amount of new aspects to
the gameplay mainly the battle system
that sees up to six party members coming
together at once to take on a variety of
diverse threats
to counter them you have a series of
skills that are all dictated by the
specific stones you have equipped
because of this spells and abilities can
constantly be swapped
out which allows you to experiment with
each of the characters at your disposal
although it's quite pricey nowadays
sitting at around 135 dollars
song of the ocean is a solid rpg and if
you're not willing to drop that amount
of cash on a single game emulating it
instead is a great option
east chronicles is a collection of the
first two classic rpgs that began the
long running series
you take up the part of a young boy
known as adolf as you start out a search
for the books of ease a collection of
works about an
ancient civilization like most games in
the franchise the narrative is quite
easily one of the best aspects of it
from a gameplay perspective the two
games share much in common with the
likes of zelda and sees the action
taking place from an overhead
perspective
all of the combat is presented in real
time and revolves around several skills
that are learned over the course of the
game
naturally a ton of equipment is included
as well from armor to swords and items
which all have the potential to alter
your effectiveness on the field now
visually ease one and two are a real
treat for long time fans of the series
and see the games being presented in a
beautiful pixelated style with several
character portraits and newly animated
cutscenes that help bring
life to the events that transpire
although it's not the best rpg on the
handheld the ease collection is still a
great option for fans of the genre and
will likely set you back around
155 dollars if you want to grab a
physical copy
persona on the psp is a re-release of
the first entry in the popular
smt spin-off that introduced many
aspects that would go on to resonate
right into the present day with persona
5. what truly steals the show is the
narrative
that revolves around an incredible cast
of characters it's all set in a modern
day and follows a group of high school
students as they dabble with an occult
game known as persona
it brings full of spirits who whisk away
our heroes to an alternate world
and the task would get into the bottom
of the strange events that surround
their town the game is largely split up
into two different styles
one being that of an exploration game
that sees you visiting various locations
of interest with the second being the
highly intricate battling system it all
revolves around your personas which can
be summoned and called upon to help you
out during battle
each of them possess differing abilities
and thanks to something known as the
fusion system they can all be fused
together
to create even more powerful allies if
you're fond of obscuring unique rpgs
persona is well worth buying or even
emulating for those who may not want to
lay down so much cash
it goes for about 165 dollars and it's a
great change from the normal rpg fare
which is bound to resonate with many
players
[Music]
i'm a huge fan of the persona series but
i only recently managed to play innocent
sin
and i for one can gladly recommend it
it's not only a great entry and a
franchise but one of the best rpgs on
the system as well
it all revolves around a young man known
as tatsuya a high school student who
along with a group of friends get pulled
into a dark and it's sometimes
disturbing adventure by a villainous
character known as the joker
the narrative is quite possibly one of
the best aspects of the experience so i
don't want to say too much in case i
spoil it but rest assured it will not
disappoint
like any rpg though gameplay is the most
fundamental aspect to its success
an innocent scene excels in this
department as well it all revolves
around the use of demon-like creatures
known as personas in battle and
something known as the rumor system
outside of fighting that has the
potential to steer events in the
character's favor
like other entries in the series these
personas can be fused together to make
even more powerful allies to aid you in
the turn-based battles that soon become
one of the most intriguing parts of the
adventure
spending hours upon hours to ultimately
build an unstoppable team and with so
many possibilities you'll always be
finding something new
it goes for about a hundred and seventy
dollars these days if you're willing to
drop that amount on a single game
persona 3 is one of those games that has
the ability to completely consume your
soul may it be the enthralling narrative
that is fueled with several twists and
turns the highly rewarding gameplay or
the incredible amount of customization
and progression there's a ton of reasons
to keep on coming back to one of the
finest rpgs ever produced
gameplay-wise you'll find yourself
exploring the city and interacting with
a lovable cast of npcs
as well as encountering a wide range of
enemies to overcome
through the use of the intuitive battle
system it's all turn-based in nature and
grants the players several characters
and abilities to use
one of the standouts being the option to
summon a persona
a powerful being that has the ability to
turn battles around in the blink of an
eye complementing all of this
is the fusion system that allows you to
customize as well as create new personas
it's a neat little mechanic that soon
becomes highly addictive once you delve
into the deeper aspects of its setup
persona 3 is hands down the greatest rpg
on the psp
and although it's quite pricey at around
215 dollars for fans of the series or
just collectors in general it is well
worth it well that does it for today's
video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on future videos and to take part
in giveaways
you can also join our growing community
on discord and meet many like-minded
gamers to continue the conversation with
i'd like to give a special shout out to
our patreon supporters
rhino skill gym nano steve and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible
if you're interested in joining our
discord or supporting the channel
through patreon you'll find the links in
the description as always
thanks for taking the time to watch the
video i'll catch you next time
[Music]
you